Change execution_config input file from json to yaml (#23)
massalabs/massa-sc-tester: README.md

## Execution config

The default `execution_config.yaml` contains an example of every available step.

## Running massa-sc-tester

> As execution_config.yaml use a smart contract from massa-sc-examples, you need to build it first: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As the default execution_config.yaml uses a smart contract from massa-sc-examples, you need to build it first: 
```

Author: Done
